Add text recognition 0014 and 0015 models (#2403)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/intel/text-recognition-0015/README.md

> # formula-recognition-medium-scan-0001 (composite)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# text-recognition-0015 (composite)
```

Vocabulary file is located under corresponding model configuration directory, `<omz_dir>/models/intel/formula-recognition-medium-scan-0001/vocab.json`. Model can predict big and small letters, numbers, some greek letters, trigonometric functions (e.g. cos, sin, coth), logarithmic function, sqrt and superscript.

## Example of the input data

![](./assets/formula-recognition-medium-scan-0001.png)

## Example of the output

`4 7 4 W ^ { 1 } + 7 . 1 9 o ^ { 4 } - 6 - 0 . 9 6 L ^ { 1 } y `

## Composite model specification

| Metric                                                             | Value     |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|
| im2latex_medium_photographed dataset, im2latex-match-images metric | 81.5%     |
| im2latex_medium_rendered dataset, im2latex-match-images metric     | 95.7%     |
| Source framework                                                   | PyTorch\* |

Im2latex-match-images metric is calculated by [this algorithm](../../../tools/accuracy_checker/accuracy_checker/metrics/im2latex_images_match.py )

## Encoder model specification

> The formula-recognition-medium-scan-0001-encoder model is a ResNeXt-50 like backbone with some initialization layers for decoder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The text-recognition-0015-encoder model is a ResNeXt-50 like backbone with some initialization layers for decoder
```

| Metric                                        | Value     |
|-----------------------------------------------|-----------|
| GFlops                                        | 16.56     |
| MParams                                       | 1.69      |

### Inputs

Image, name: `imgs`, shape: `1, 3, 160, 1400` in the `1, C, H, W` format, where:

- `C` - number of channels
- `H` - image height
- `W` - image width

The expected channel order is `BGR`.

### Outputs

1.	Name: `hidden`, shape: `1, 512`. Initial context state of the LSTM cell.
2.	Name: `context`, shape: `1, 512`. Initial hidden state of the LSTM cell.
3.	Name: `init_0`, shape: `1, 256`. Initial state of the decoder.
4.	Name: `row_enc_out`, shape: `1, 20, 75, 512`. Features from encoder that are fed to a decoder.

## Decoder model specification

> The formula-recognition-medium-scan-0001-decoder model is an LSTM based decoder with attention module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The text-recognition-0015-decoder model is an LSTM based decoder with attention module.
```
